it'd be logo once it starts it is going
to be intense what is he doing I told
him the camera was in a way no no I like
this guy whittaker the guys making 350
grand a year and he turns informer when
does that happen steven soderbergh the
legendary indie filmmaker who reached
Hollywood hotshot status with the
ocean's 11 franchise seems to be
fighting against his new image lately
with a string of film so ND they're
downright communist in fact one was even
about a communist but these movies have
been such flops it looks like Soderbergh
is edging a bit back toward good old
capitalism in fact this new movie is
about capitalism and it's evil since
this is the true story of the highest
ranking executive to ever turn
whistleblower in united states history
so what do you know so it Abreu gets to
have his cake and eat it too although
i'm happy to say that soda brooke has
also taken a break from his current
trend of working with non-actors
hardcore porn star sasha grey for the
girlfriend experience and gina carano
from american gladiators for the
upcoming knockout toured with one of the
biggest movie stars out there Matt Damon
but this is a performance unlike
anything we've seen from Damon on that
required him to gain almost 30 pounds so
once again Soderbergh gets to have his
cake and eat it too and if this film is
a success you can bet that soda Brooke
will go back to making those super indie
films thus having his cake and eating it
too Bon Appetit Steve back in the 1980s
with movies like Wall Street and the
secret of my success big business was
cool today that's not the case can we
ever love the bottom line again or is
the rat race lost its appeal write your
comments down below and after the break
we'll find out if audiences like with
the informant has to say so I'd love to
know how to boost up my boobs TMI weekly
is an interactive talk show made by and
for women I suppose just a know what I
want for Chris new episodes two times a
week at TMI weekly
thanks for watching Tim I cut so is the
economy and Wall Street gotten so bad
it's time to laugh oh you know that is
such a perfect way to put this thing I
mean really that is really what this is
yes huh what what else can you do you
have to laugh or you'll you'll cry yeah
this movie make you laugh yes you did I
have to confess I came out disappointed
because I know a lot of people are
hurting out there myself included I'm
unemployed um and I think you know
putting that out in this economy at this
time as an option probably pushes a few
more buttons than people would like to
have pushed we're kind of like laughing
at this whole thing and it hurts to
laugh but you have to or else you're
gonna be really upset and lose a lot of
sleep this is a great movie oh what a
very funny movie what did you like about
it I just I love that the twists and
turns of the story and knowing that it's
a true story makes it even better it was
very much the very essence of what is
what has transpired with this whole wall
street thing is that's messed up the
economy right now the sad part is with
everything that's happened on Wall
Street and what we know to be real and
then to see a movie like this it's kind
of like you know when are the jokes
appropriate after nine eleven you know
on 9 12 it was definitely poking fun at
the economy it was also poking fun at
crime and the thing that I came out at
the end was crime really isn't humorous
it really is not the movie know that or
did oh hey I I I don't think it was
captured America is definitely the
land of the free enterprise system
uh-huh I like that that's great was Matt
Damon funny Matt Damon is a great actor
i really enjoy him I'm a Matt Damon fan
he's incredible you know I I uh I just
think that he's incredible I mean he's
he's he's mastered his craft so at this
point in his career he's at the top of
his game with Sam oh yeah Matt Damon is
incredible and Marvin Hamlisch who did
the music yeah the music is a character
in the movie oh wow what do they gonna
be gaining the 30 pounds for the role
that work you know I almost did notices
did he gain weight oh yeah I know
someone else's oh I could tell he did
yeah no I couldn't tell I was where I
was just more staring at his bald head
what did you think of Scott Bakula and
Joel McHale loved him love's always have
love Scott Bakula yeah yeah where
where'd he go with glad I know it's like
he disappeared and then here he is like
with a lead role in a motion picture
it's really good Joel McHale really
impresses me a lot I mean he's very
talented he played a non comedic role oh
really Oh totally non comedic so do you
recommend people see this or is it a
rental what do you think um during this
economy I'd say wait a few years I got a
seat in the theater um just because I'm
the bigger screen it just magnifies the
bizarreness of the whole story what are
you giving on a one to ten I'll give it
a 10 I've given a 9 i'd give it a 10
I'll give the movie of 4 i'll give Matt
a nine yep and that's why you work with
movie stars because even with that one
for the love of Matt Damon keeps the
informant at an eight and a did you
enjoy getting behind the scenes info
industry analysis and audience reactions
to the informant well you can get it for
every major release by subscribing to be
on the trailer I'm Grace Randolph
reporting from AMC empire 25 and you've
just gone beyond the trailer